(chore)  Update README.md (#51)
rust-adventure/skein: README.md

}
```

> - Install the Blender Addon\Extension
>   * drag and drop the [zip](https://github.com/rust-adventure/skein/releases) file onto Blender's viewport
>   * click `install from disk`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Install the Blender Extension
  * Drag and drop the installation link from the website, as detailed in the [installation](https://bevyskein.dev/docs/installation) docs.
```
